now listen everybody we are experiencing
some kind of disaster no it's the end of
days oh my god something in the mist
shut the doors shut the guard I don't
know whether it's man-made or natural
but I do know that it's definitely not
supernatural
what's that no like something was like
person against the door but the only way
we're gonna help ourselves is to seek
rescue we're going out tie this around
your waist number four let us know you
got at least 300 feet there's nothing
nothing
you're wrong
yes
[Music]
time to take sides the saved and the
Damned
read the good book it calls for blood
I think something got in guys I hear
something
[Music]
don't you know the truth we are
[Applause]
who knows how far this mr. spread it
could be the whole world for all we know
wouldn't make us it must dick yeah it
would go if something happens cut and
run
you can't go out I won't allow it won't
allow it
that's what burned down a cigar
[Music]